Add /en/utol/{lecturers,students} (#1024)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/pages/en/utol/_timetable/Timetable.mdx

![](./mode-buttons.png)

<If cond={props.variant !== "lecturer"}>

Courses for which the contents use is limited to course registration or course instructor registration will not be displayed unless the conditions for the content use are met even if the student has registered for the course. For this reason, courses that were previously displayed may no longer be displayed if the course registration deadline has passed or the conditions have changed due to a change in the settings.

For information on the conditions for using the contents, please refer to "[Notes on course registration](/utol/students/course_registration/#caution){/*TODO: リンク先確認*/}".

</If>

### Timetable
{:#timetable}

<If cond={props.variant === "lecturer"}>

![](./timetable-lecturer.png)

</If>
<If cond={props.variant !== "lecturer"}>

![](./timetable-student.png)

</If>

- Displaying term
  - You can view courses for the previous year or term by switching between "Academic Year" and "Term" at the top of the screen.
  - Clicking the "Today" button will display the timetable for the current term.
- Class sessions: Click on the course name to move to the course top page (course details screen). 
  <ul>
    <li>

>       How to participate: Your level of authorization as a course instructor, course designer, TA, or enrolled student and how to register will be displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
      Registration method: Your level of authorization as a course instructor, course designer, TA, or enrolled student and how to register will be displayed.
```

    </li>
    <If cond={props.variant !== "student"}>
      <li>

>         ![](../_icons/download_participant.png){:.icon} (List of participants): this list will be displayed when you are registered as a faculty member, and the list of participants can be downloaded by clicking on the icon.

Author: 「担当教員である学生」のアカウントで表示されることを確認しました．
```suggestion
        ![](../_icons/download_participant.png){:.icon} (List of participants): this list will be displayed when you are registered as a course instructor, and the list of participants can be downloaded by clicking on the icon.
```

>         ![](../_icons/download_participant.png){:.icon} (List of participants): this list will be displayed when you are registered as a faculty member, and the list of participants can be downloaded by clicking on the icon.

Author: ※上の変更についてはすでに反映済みです．
